hey everyone so I'm going to be doing my
mac lipstick collection today wait i
have got eight mac lipsticks which mmm
isn't really that many to be honest but
um I suppose is quite a few to people
maybe don't have a lipstick warlock
matte lipsticks anyway i'm going to show
you them because i think it's enough to
do a mini mac lipstick collection okay
the first one I've picked up is the Viva
Glam one the finish of this is a match
I'm going to definitely have switches on
my blog I'm going to do a blog post of
swatches so if you want to see the
swatches of these lipsticks go to the
link in the description box and there
will be a post on these lipsticks for
you guys so you can see them up close so
no videos don't really show you properly
but this is what this one looks like and
it's a really nice kind of tomato red
color I really love this in the
wintertime oh my god I almost four
sliced it I didn't ok so the next one I
have is a mat again this is Ruby woo
however this one is so drying it is such
a beautiful red color mind is like just
stunning it suits absolutely everyone um
it's just isn't matt finish again like
the other one but the other one is very
much more creamier this is like the most
drying lipstick I have ever experienced
the next one I have got is a cream
machine and this is in creme cup or
cream cup because no one really knows
how to pronounce it um and this one is a
cream machine if I haven't said already
and it's a really nice kind of nudie
pink color um I will describe this as a
milky strawberry ice cream color like a
strawberry mini milk I really like it um
I don't use it as much as angel me
because I haven't really used it that
much I'm i only bought it recently so I
haven't really played along with it much
but I'm is a really nice pretty nude
color the next one I have got hit syrup
this is a luster finish they only last
Rory I have actually owned and it's like
this purpley toned nude or natural color
and it's quite very purple and but a
very wearable color like a your lips
with darker color
this has got kind of a gloss finish to
it because it's a luster so slightly
different to the ones because they're it
might okay opaque then that's obviously
very opaque and then the cream cheese
are just opaque and creamy so the list
is are a bit more glossy finished and
there's this angel and this is a frost
finish so it's like I've got a little
helmet I'll know it's a well-loved
lipstick as you can probably tell
compared to the other ones this one has
been used quite a bit it's just a really
lovely everyday color for me I just find
it suits me it sees a lot of different
skin tones as well and it's just a
really nice walk home kind of color it
goes with anything really love that one
then have got Mac red which is a satin
this one is very similar to Ruby woo
blue tone read very lovely if you are
wanting a red from Mac that is blue toad
road classic red I would go to this one
if you're not looking for a completely
matte finish this is Saturn I've got no
shimmer in shimmer in it it's just a bit
more sheeny than the matte ones
obviously but it is a really nice red
lipstick gun I would definitely get this
one because it's a lot more moisturizing
but um yeah really like that and then I
have got here coral bliss which is
actually what I've got my lips save
don't know if you're gonna be able to
tell it's a really lovely oh and this is
a cream seen by the way coral bless i
bought this in the summer or the
springtime probably around april-may i
got this um it's really lovely i just
love the color of this goes really quite
nicely with my skin tone and would see
people with tans suits pale people
really all good around a lipstick this
one and it's a brilliant color for the
spring and if you are kind of a bit
scared of orange this is a nice kind of
muted down orange we then the last
episode i have got is called rebel and
this is also a soft and finished I've
gone quite a few seconds this is
definitely probably not to everyone's
taste um I'm really looking forward to
wearing this in a video to be honest
it's very autumn vampy shade it's not as
dark as it is
the bullet when you put it on or swatch
it it's a lot more kind of like a purple
berry it's really lovely color and I
can't wait to wear this in the next
coming months because it's the winter
flush ottimo salton fastest autumn and
the winter which I love wearing dark
colors like this and then Reds I just
love that in the winter and autumn so
yeah that's actually all my mac
lipsticks I really want to get some more
please leave suggestions of your
favorite MAC lipsticks in the comments
because i want to get lots more
obviously of building a kit for my
makeup artistry as well so let me get
any of your recommendations for nudes
and bright fillers and all sorts of
things in between and um yeah thanks for
watching guys I will see you or boasting
fight